Bug/132830 (#11)
Profisee/webhooktemplate: README.md

# Profisee .NET Webhook Templates

> This repository contains Profisee Webhook templates and describes how to utilize them. Webhooks work with Profisee's Workflow or Event Subscription service to send customized payloads to a webhook endpoint and have responses sent back that can be utilized by the Workflow Activity. Events can then be configured to send information related to a specific entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains Profisee Webhook templates and describes how to utilize them. Webhooks work with Profisee's Workflow or Real-Time Event Processing service to send customized payloads to a webhook endpoint and have responses sent back that can be utilized by the Workflow Activity. Events can then be configured to send information related to a specific entity.
```
